---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_address Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Addresses can be associated with orders as their shipping or billing addresses. Add a Google or Bing geocoder to a market if you want its addresses to be automatically geocoded. Customers can save their most-used addresses in their address books (as customer addresses).
---

# commercelayer_address (Resource)

Addresses can be associated with orders as their shipping or billing addresses. Add a Google or Bing geocoder to a market if you want its addresses to be automatically geocoded. Customers can save their most-used addresses in their address books (as customer addresses).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The address unique identifier

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `city` (String) Address city
- `country_code` (String) The international 2-letter country code as defined by the ISO 3166-1 standard
- `line_1` (String) Address line 1, i.e. Street address, PO Box
- `phone` (String) Phone number (including extension).
- `state_code` (String) State, province or region code

Optional:

- `billing_info` (String) Customer's billing information (i.e. VAT number, codice fiscale)
- `business` (Boolean) Indicates if it's a business or a personal address
- `company` (String) Address company name
- `email` (String) Email address
- `first_name` (String) Address first name
- `last_name` (String) Address last name
- `lat` (Number) The address geocoded latitude. This is automatically generated when creating a shipping/billing address for an order and a valid geocoder is attached to the order's market.
- `line_2` (String) Address line 2, i.e. Apartment, Suite, Building
- `lng` (Number) The address geocoded longitude. This is automatically generated when creating a shipping/billing address for an order and a valid geocoder is attached to the order's market.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `notes` (String) A free notes attached to the address. When used as a shipping address, this can be useful to let the customers add specific delivery instructions.
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code
- `zip_code` (String) ZIP or postal code


