---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_braintree_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configuring a Braintree payment gateway for a market lets you safely process payments through Braintree. The Braintree gateway is compliant with the PSD2 European regulation so that you can implement a payment flow that supports SCA and 3DS2 by using the Braintree official JS SDK and libraries.
---

# commercelayer_braintree_gateway (Resource)

Configuring a Braintree payment gateway for a market lets you safely process payments through Braintree. The Braintree gateway is compliant with the PSD2 European regulation so that you can implement a payment flow that supports SCA and 3DS2 by using the Braintree official JS SDK and libraries.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commercelayer_braintree_gateway" "incentro_braintree_gateway" {
  attributes {
    name                = "Incentro Braintree Gateway"
    merchant_account_id = "xxxx-yyyy-zzzz"
    merchant_id         = "xxxx-yyyy-zzzz"
    public_key          = "xxxx-yyyy-zzzz"
    private_key         = "xxxx-yyyy-zzzz"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The braintree payment unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `descriptor_name` (String) The dynamic descriptor name. Must be composed by business name (3, 7 or 12 chars), an asterisk (*) and the product name (18, 14 or 9 chars), for a total length of 22 chars.
- `descriptor_phone` (String) The dynamic descriptor phone number. Must be 10-14 characters and can only contain numbers, dashes, parentheses and periods.
- `descriptor_url` (String) The dynamic descriptor URL.
- `merchant_account_id` (String) The gateway merchant account ID.
- `merchant_id` (String) The gateway merchant ID.
- `name` (String) The payment gateway's internal name.
- `private_key` (String) The gateway API private key.
- `public_key` (String) The gateway API public key.

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code


