---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_delivery_lead_time Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Delivery lead times provide customers with detailed information about their shipments. This is useful if you ship from many stock locations or offer more shipping method options within a market.
---

# commercelayer_delivery_lead_time (Resource)

Delivery lead times provide customers with detailed information about their shipments. This is useful if you ship from many stock locations or offer more shipping method options within a market.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))
- `relationships` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource relationships (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The delivery lead time unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `max_hours` (Number) The delivery lead maximum time (in hours) when shipping from the associated stock location with the associated shipping method.
- `min_hours` (Number) The delivery lead minimum time (in hours) when shipping from the associated stock location with the associated shipping method.

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code


<a id="nestedblock--relationships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships`

Required:

- `shipping_method_id` (String) The associated shipping method id.
- `stock_location_id` (String) The associated stock location id.


