---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_external_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Price lists are collections of SKU prices,
          defined by currency and market. When a list of SKUs is fetched,
          only SKUs with a price defined in the market's price list and at least
          a stock item in one of the market stock locations will be returned.
          A user can create price lists to manage international business or B2B/B2C models.
---

# commercelayer_external_gateway (Resource)

Price lists are collections of SKU prices, 
		defined by currency and market. When a list of SKUs is fetched, 
		only SKUs with a price defined in the market's price list and at least 
		a stock item in one of the market stock locations will be returned. 
		A user can create price lists to manage international business or B2B/B2C models.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The external gateway unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The payment gateway's internal name.

Optional:

- `authorize_url` (String) The endpoint used by the external gateway to authorize payments.
- `capture_url` (String) The endpoint used by the external gateway to capture payments.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code
- `refund_url` (String) The endpoint used by the external gateway to refund payments.
- `token_url` (String) The endpoint used by the external gateway to create a customer payment token.
- `void_url` (String) The endpoint used by the external gateway to void payments.


