---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_inventory_stock_location Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Inventory stock locations build a hierarchy of stock locations within an inventory model, determining the availability of SKU's that are being purchased. In the case a SKU is available in more stock locations, it gets shipped from those with the highest priority.
---

# commercelayer_inventory_stock_location (Resource)

Inventory stock locations build a hierarchy of stock locations within an inventory model, determining the availability of SKU's that are being purchased. In the case a SKU is available in more stock locations, it gets shipped from those with the highest priority.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))
- `relationships` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource relationships (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The inventory return location unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `priority` (Number) The stock location priority within the associated inventory model.

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `on_hold` (Boolean) Indicates if the shipment should be put on hold if fulfilled from the associated stock location. This is useful to manage use cases like back-orders, pre-orders or personalized orders that need to be customized before being fulfilled.
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a InventoryStockLocationing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code


<a id="nestedblock--relationships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships`

Required:

- `inventory_model_id` (String) The associated inventory model id.
- `stock_location_id` (String) The associated stock location id.


