---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_market Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A market is made of a merchant, an inventory model, and a price list (plus an optional customer group, geocoder, and tax calculator)
---

# commercelayer_market (Resource)

A market is made of a merchant, an inventory model, and a price list (plus an optional customer group, geocoder, and tax calculator)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))
- `relationships` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource relationships (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The market unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Market's internal name

Optional:

- `checkout_url` (String) The checkout URL for this market
- `external_prices_url` (String) The URL used to fetch prices from an external source
- `facebook_pixel_id` (String) The Facebook Pixed ID
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code


<a id="nestedblock--relationships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships`

Required:

- `inventory_model_id` (String) The associated inventory model id.
- `merchant_id` (String) The associated merchant id.
- `price_list_id` (String) The associated price list id.

Optional:

- `customer_group_id` (String) The associated customer group id.
- `tax_calculator_id` (String) The associated tax calculator id.


