---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_shipping_zone Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shipping zones determine the available shipping methods for a given shipping address. The match is evaluated against a set of regular expressions on the address country, state or zip code.
---

# commercelayer_shipping_zone (Resource)

Shipping zones determine the available shipping methods for a given shipping address. The match is evaluated against a set of regular expressions on the address country, state or zip code.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The shipping zone unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The shipping zone's internal name.

Optional:

- `country_code_regex` (String) The regex that will be evaluated to match the shipping address country code.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `not_country_code_regex` (String) The regex that will be evaluated as negative match for the shipping address country code.
- `not_state_code_regex` (String) The regex that will be evaluated as negative match for the shipping address state code.
- `not_zip_code_regex` (String) The regex that will be evaluated as negative match for the shipping zip country code.
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code
- `state_code_regex` (String) The regex that will be evaluated to match the shipping address state code.
- `zip_code_regex` (String) The regex that will be evaluated to match the shipping address zip code.


