---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_shipping_method Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shipping methods are used to provide customers with different delivery options.
---

# commercelayer_shipping_method (Resource)

Shipping methods are used to provide customers with different delivery options.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commercelayer_shipping_method" "incentro_shipping_method" {
  attributes {
    name                   = "Incentro Shipping Method"
    scheme                 = "flat"
    currency_code          = "EUR"
    price_amount_cents     = 1000
    free_over_amount_cents = 10000
    min_weight             = 0.50
    max_weight             = 10
    unit_of_weight         = "kg"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))

### Optional

- `relationships` (Block List, Max: 1) Resource relationships (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The shipping method unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The shipping method's name
- `price_amount_cents` (Number) The price of this shipping method, in cents.

Optional:

- `currency_code` (String) The international 3-letter currency code as defined by the ISO 4217 standard.
- `free_over_amount_cents` (Number) Apply free shipping if the order amount is over this value, in cents.
- `max_weight` (Number) The maximum weight for which this shipping method is available.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `min_weight` (Number) The minimum weight for which this shipping method is available.
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code
- `scheme` (String) The shipping method's scheme, one of 'flat' or 'weight_tiered'.
- `unit_of_weight` (String) Can be one of 'gr', 'lb', or 'oz'


<a id="nestedblock--relationships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships`

Optional:

- `market_id` (String) The associated market id.
- `shipping_category_id` (String) The shipping category for which this shipping method is available.
- `shipping_method_tier_ids` (List of String) The associated shipping method tiers (meaningful when billing_scheme != 'flat').
- `shipping_zone_id` (String) The shipping zone that is used to match the order shipping address.
- `stock_location_id` (String) The stock location for which this shipping method is available.


