---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_sku Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# commercelayer_sku (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commercelayer_shipping_category" "incentro_shipping_category" {
  attributes {
    name = "Incentro Shipping Category"
  }
}

resource "commercelayer_sku" "incentro_sku" {
  attributes {
    name = "Incentro SKU"
    code = "TSHIRTMM000000FFFFFFXLXX"
  }
  relationships {
    shipping_category_id = commercelayer_shipping_category.incentro_shipping_category.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))
- `relationships` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource relationships (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relationships))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The SKU unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `code` (String) The SKU code, that uniquely identifies the SKU within the organization.
- `name` (String) The internal name of the SKU.

Optional:

- `description` (String) An internal description of the SKU.
- `do_not_ship` (Boolean) Indicates if the SKU doesn't generate shipments.
- `do_not_track` (Boolean) Indicates if the SKU doesn't track the stock inventory.
- `hs_tariff_number` (String) The Harmonized System Code used by customs to identify the products shipped across international borders.
- `image_url` (String) The URL of an image that represents the SKU.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `pieces_per_pack` (Number) The number of pieces that compose the SKU. This is useful to describe sets and bundles.
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code
- `unit_of_weight` (String) Can be one of 'gr', 'lb', or 'oz'
- `weight` (Number) The weight of the SKU. If present, it will be used to calculate the shipping rates.


<a id="nestedblock--relationships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relationships`

Required:

- `shipping_category_id` (String) The shipping category id.


