---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercelayer_stripe_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-commercelayer"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Configuring a Stripe payment gateway for a market lets you safely process payments through Stripe. The Stripe gateway is compliant with the PSD2 European regulation so that you can implement a payment flow that supports SCA and 3DS2 by using the Stripe's official JS SDK and libraries.To create a Stripe gateway choose a meaningful name that helps you identify it within your organization and gather all the credentials requested (like secret and publishable keys, etc. — contact Stripe's support if you are not sure about the requested data).
---

# commercelayer_stripe_gateway (Resource)

Configuring a Stripe payment gateway for a market lets you safely process payments through Stripe. The Stripe gateway is compliant with the PSD2 European regulation so that you can implement a payment flow that supports SCA and 3DS2 by using the Stripe's official JS SDK and libraries.To create a Stripe gateway choose a meaningful name that helps you identify it within your organization and gather all the credentials requested (like secret and publishable keys, etc. — contact Stripe's support if you are not sure about the requested data).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commercelayer_stripe_gateway" "incentro_stripe_gateway" {
  attributes {
    name  = "Incentro Stripe Gateway"
    login = "xxxx-yyyy-zzzz"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resource attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The stripe payment unique identifier
- `type` (String) The resource type

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `login` (String) The gateway login.
- `name` (String) The payment gateway's internal name.

Optional:

- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to the resource. This can be useful for storing additional information about the resource in a structured format
- `publishable_key` (String) The gateway publishable API key.
- `reference` (String) A string that you can use to add any external identifier to the resource. This can be useful for integrating the resource to an external system, like an ERP, a marketing tool, a CRM, or whatever.
- `reference_origin` (String) Any identifier of the third party system that defines the reference code


